crankyoldraven
Medivh’s wicked smile was answer enough to Khadgar’s statement. “That is a good thing. As I said - demand what you will of me. I am quite certain I will be… up to dealing with it.” His grin turned impish before he turned back to adjust the temperature of the water.

“A touch modernized; this was here before - and as I said… I… this place - the font, the experiments left from my mother’s time, the retreat, and now bedroom… I sent Away… when the conduits to the Nether were opened, I sent this - and a considerable amount of other things, away. I had my own mind more than when you and I met. I knew the dangers. Had … He… had access to some of what’s here…” Medivh shuddered as he turned the taps off.

“So I added more modern plumbing when it was available. That’s.. more or less it. Magic was plumbing beforehand, and.. well. Things have progressed a bit in the past fifty years.” He moved to join Khadgar at the cabinet, eying some of the cakes of soap and vials of oil before looking at Khadgar.

“What scents soothe you? Are there any that just… when you’re in a place - certain smells elicit reactions - are there places or things you know that just set your mind at ease? Automatically ease some of the tension you carry?”

He gently reached out to close Khadgar’s eyes with soft brushes of his fingertips. “Concentrate, Young Trust. Tell me which scents elicit what reactions in your memories - any scent at all, from foods to plants, tree saps to inks - Everything.”

arcane-harbinger
“I realize ‘books’ is not an appropriate answer,” Khadgar remarked with a grin as those hands obscured his vision. He was aware of the depths of, well, trust that went into this quiet bathroom affair, on both their parts. But they would have to have and preserve that trust if they were to ever overcome.



“…Hm. The tea…that floral tea you used to be so fond of. Soft and herbal; was it peacebloom? I don’t recall after all this time. Perhaps it was rose…” It could have been a blend. He tried to go back to his old memories, when things were complicated but not like they were now. Parchment, ink, tea in the morning, dark red sweet wine…the cherry wines from the north of Lordaeron before they were wiped out. Quietly, suggestions began to slip from his lips, not knowing what it was that Medivh might even have in his cabinet. “…Perhaps a glass of wine with the bath rather than the scent of wine in the bath,” he mused dryly.



Reaching up, he took Medivh’s capable hands in his own for a moment and kissed his fingertips, content just to hold them for a moment.



“I have access to large baths in Dalaran, but I’ve never taken the liberty of using them. Far too busy, far too much to do to tend to myself. I’m sure you’re properly appalled at the poor way I’ve taken care of myself.”

crankyoldraven
“I am,” Medivh admitted, softly. “And I will see it remedied. I’m certain you’ve found yourself digging deeper within yourself for energy. Casting spells exhausts you where once you could breathe an incantation and the spell danced at your fingertips before you were finished incanting.” He sounded somewhat amused as he spoke, and gently freed one hand to dig in the cabinet with the soft sound of tinkling glass.

A moment later, the soft scrape of a glass stopper being lifted from a small bottle, and a scent was wafted under Khadgar’s nose. Floral, sweet with a touch of Earth after a rain, a hint of old parchment and leather, musky without being overwhelming.

“Is this what you’re after?” he asked softly.

He made no move other than to leave his other hand in Khadgar’s, knowing exactly what he was asking once Khadgar’s eyes were closed. The younger mage was vulnerable; more vulnerable than the moment he had arched his back in surrender earlier.

Medivh had broken his trust in the past. He would kill himself before he did it again.